# LINEAR-DISCRIMINANT-ANALYSIS-AND-LOGISTIC-REGRESSION-USING-R
Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) and logistic regression (LR) generally utilize multivariate measurable strategies for investigation of information with straight out result factors. The two of them are appropriate for the development of linear classification models. However, the both the methods vary in their fundamental thought. While Logistics regression makes no assumptions on the distribution of the explanatory data, Linear Discriminant Analysis has been framed for normally distributed explanatory variables. It is therefore assumed that Linear Discriminant Analysis to give better outcomes in the case when the normality conditions are to be fulfilled, but in other cases Logistics Regression should be more reasonable.
We have decided to study just a chosen situation i.e., OTT Vs Theatre and trying to find a logic in the behavior and then to think about the expansion onto more general cases. OTT and Theatre are basically two different platforms to watch movies and different people have different thoughts regarding these two platforms and prefer them according to their choice. Both theater and OTT stages enjoy their own benefits and disadvantages. Currently OTT platforms are growing with a fast pace, but that does not refer that they can replace theatres completely. In this paper we will be collecting data on the basis of people’s behavior, which platform they choose to go with and other variables. After data collection we will be analyzing and will be able to predict the probability of people preferring a specific platform based upon given several variables.
